README.md, before:

About cmor
==========

Home: https://cmor.llnl.gov/

Package license: 2-Clause BSD

Feedstock license: BSD 3-Clause

Summary: “Climate Model Output Rewriter” is a C library, with  Fortran 90 and Python bindings. CMOR is used to produce CF-compliant[3] netCDF[4] files. The structure of the files created by CMOR and the metadata they contain fulfill the requirements of many of the climate community’s standard model experiments (which are referred to here as “MIPs”[5] and include, for example, AMIP, PMIP, APE, and IPCC [DN1] scenario runs).

CMOR was not designed to serve as an all-purpose writer of CF-compliant netCDF files,
but simply to reduce the effort required to prepare and manage MIP model output.
Although MIPs encourage systematic analysis of results across models, this is only easy
to do if the model output is written in a common format with files structured similarly
and with sufficient metadata uniformly stored according to a common standard.
Individual modeling groups store their data in different ways, but if a group can read
its own data, then it should easily be able to transform the data, using CMOR, into the
common format required by the MIPs. The adoption of CMOR as a standard code for exchanging
climate data will facilitate participation in MIPs because after learning how to satisfy
the output requirements of one MIP, it will be easy to prepare output for other MIPs.


Current build status
====================

[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock/master.svg?label=Linux)](https://circleci.com/gh/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock)
[![OSX](https://img.shields.io/travis/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock/master.svg?label=macOS)](https://travis-ci.org/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock)
![Windows disabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-disabled-lightgrey.svg)

Current release info
====================

| Name | Downloads | Version | Platforms |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Conda Recipe](https://img.shields.io/badge/recipe-cmor-green.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) | [![Conda Downloads](https://img.shields.io/conda/dn/conda-forge/cmor.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) | [![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/cmor.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) | [![Conda Platforms](https://img.shields.io/conda/pn/conda-forge/cmor.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) |

Installing cmor
===============

Installing `cmor` from the `conda-forge` channel can be achieved by adding `conda-forge` to your channels with:

```
conda config --add channels conda-forge
```

Once the `conda-forge` channel has been enabled, `cmor` can be installed with:

```
conda install cmor
```

It is possible to list all of the versions of `cmor` available on your platform with:

```
conda search cmor --channel conda-forge
```


About conda-forge
=================

conda-forge is a community-led conda channel of installable packages.
In order to provide high-quality builds, the process has been automated into the
conda-forge GitHub organization. The conda-forge organization contains one repository
for each of the installable packages. Such a repository is known as a *feedstock*.

A feedstock is made up of a conda recipe (the instructions on what and how to build
the package) and the necessary configurations for automatic building using freely
available continuous integration services. Thanks to the awesome service provided by
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), [AppVeyor](http://www.appveyor.com/)
and [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/) it is possible to build and upload installable
packages to the [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge)
[Anaconda-Cloud](http://docs.anaconda.org/) channel for Linux, Windows and OSX respectively.

To manage the continuous integration and simplify feedstock maintenance
[conda-smithy](http://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy) has been developed.
Using the ``conda-forge.yml`` within this repository, it is possible to re-render all of
this feedstock's supporting files (e.g. the CI configuration files) with ``conda smithy rerender``.

For more information please check the [conda-forge documentation](https://conda-forge.org/docs/).

Terminology
===========

**feedstock** - the conda recipe (raw material), supporting scripts and CI configuration.

**conda-smithy** - the tool which helps orchestrate the feedstock.
                   Its primary use is in the construction of the CI ``.yml`` files
                   and simplify the management of *many* feedstocks.

**conda-forge** - the place where the feedstock and smithy live and work to
                  produce the finished article (built conda distributions)


Updating cmor-feedstock
=======================

If you would like to improve the cmor recipe or build a new
package version, please fork this repository and submit a PR. Upon submission,
your changes will be run on the appropriate platforms to give the reviewer an
opportunity to confirm that the changes result in a successful build. Once
merged, the recipe will be re-built and uploaded automatically to the
`conda-forge` channel, whereupon the built conda packages will be available for
everybody to install and use from the `conda-forge` channel.
Note that all branches in the conda-forge/cmor-feedstock are
immediately built and any created packages are uploaded, so PRs should be based
on branches in forks and branches in the main repository should only be used to
build distinct package versions.

In order to produce a uniquely identifiable distribution:
 * If the version of a package **is not** being increased, please add or increase
   the [``build/number``](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/building/meta-yaml.html#build-number-and-string).
 * If the version of a package **is** being increased, please remember to return
   the [``build/number``](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/building/meta-yaml.html#build-number-and-string)
   back to 0.

Commit message:

Re-rendered feedstock with conda-smithy

README.md, after:

About cmor
==========

[![Powered by NumFOCUS](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A)](http://numfocus.org)

Home: https://cmor.llnl.gov/

Package license: 2-Clause BSD

Feedstock license: BSD 3-Clause

Summary: “Climate Model Output Rewriter” is a C library, with  Fortran 90 and Python bindings. CMOR is used to produce CF-compliant[3] netCDF[4] files. The structure of the files created by CMOR and the metadata they contain fulfill the requirements of many of the climate community’s standard model experiments (which are referred to here as “MIPs”[5] and include, for example, AMIP, PMIP, APE, and IPCC [DN1] scenario runs).

CMOR was not designed to serve as an all-purpose writer of CF-compliant netCDF files,
but simply to reduce the effort required to prepare and manage MIP model output.
Although MIPs encourage systematic analysis of results across models, this is only easy
to do if the model output is written in a common format with files structured similarly
and with sufficient metadata uniformly stored according to a common standard.
Individual modeling groups store their data in different ways, but if a group can read
its own data, then it should easily be able to transform the data, using CMOR, into the
common format required by the MIPs. The adoption of CMOR as a standard code for exchanging
climate data will facilitate participation in MIPs because after learning how to satisfy
the output requirements of one MIP, it will be easy to prepare output for other MIPs.


Current build status
====================

[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock/master.svg?label=Linux)](https://circleci.com/gh/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock)
[![OSX](https://img.shields.io/travis/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock/master.svg?label=macOS)](https://travis-ci.org/conda-forge/cmor-feedstock)
![Windows disabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-disabled-lightgrey.svg)

Current release info
====================

| Name | Downloads | Version | Platforms |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Conda Recipe](https://img.shields.io/badge/recipe-cmor-green.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) | [![Conda Downloads](https://img.shields.io/conda/dn/conda-forge/cmor.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) | [![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/cmor.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) | [![Conda Platforms](https://img.shields.io/conda/pn/conda-forge/cmor.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/cmor) |

Installing cmor
===============

Installing `cmor` from the `conda-forge` channel can be achieved by adding `conda-forge` to your channels with:

```
conda config --add channels conda-forge
```

Once the `conda-forge` channel has been enabled, `cmor` can be installed with:

```
conda install cmor
```

It is possible to list all of the versions of `cmor` available on your platform with:

```
conda search cmor --channel conda-forge
```


About conda-forge
=================

conda-forge is a community-led conda channel of installable packages.
In order to provide high-quality builds, the process has been automated into the
conda-forge GitHub organization. The conda-forge organization contains one repository
for each of the installable packages. Such a repository is known as a *feedstock*.

A feedstock is made up of a conda recipe (the instructions on what and how to build
the package) and the necessary configurations for automatic building using freely
available continuous integration services. Thanks to the awesome service provided by
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/)
and [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/) it is possible to build and upload installable
packages to the [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge)
[Anaconda-Cloud](https://anaconda.org/) channel for Linux, Windows and OSX respectively.

To manage the continuous integration and simplify feedstock maintenance
[conda-smithy](https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy) has been developed.
Using the ``conda-forge.yml`` within this repository, it is possible to re-render all of
this feedstock's supporting files (e.g. the CI configuration files) with ``conda smithy rerender``.

For more information please check the [conda-forge documentation](https://conda-forge.org/docs/).

Terminology
===========

**feedstock** - the conda recipe (raw material), supporting scripts and CI configuration.

**conda-smithy** - the tool which helps orchestrate the feedstock.
                   Its primary use is in the construction of the CI ``.yml`` files
                   and simplify the management of *many* feedstocks.

**conda-forge** - the place where the feedstock and smithy live and work to
                  produce the finished article (built conda distributions)


Updating cmor-feedstock
=======================

If you would like to improve the cmor recipe or build a new
package version, please fork this repository and submit a PR. Upon submission,
your changes will be run on the appropriate platforms to give the reviewer an
opportunity to confirm that the changes result in a successful build. Once
merged, the recipe will be re-built and uploaded automatically to the
`conda-forge` channel, whereupon the built conda packages will be available for
everybody to install and use from the `conda-forge` channel.
Note that all branches in the conda-forge/cmor-feedstock are
immediately built and any created packages are uploaded, so PRs should be based
on branches in forks and branches in the main repository should only be used to
build distinct package versions.

In order to produce a uniquely identifiable distribution:
 * If the version of a package **is not** being increased, please add or increase
   the [``build/number``](https://conda.io/docs/user-guide/tasks/build-packages/define-metadata.html#build-number-and-string).
 * If the version of a package **is** being increased, please remember to return
   the [``build/number``](https://conda.io/docs/user-guide/tasks/build-packages/define-metadata.html#build-number-and-string)
   back to 0.

Feedstock Maintainers
=====================

* [@doutriaux1](https://github.com/doutriaux1/)
